# What questions do interest us on the subject of fighting aging? Let's make a list

1. What is the current situation in the field of clinical research on aging therapies? E.g. what is the survival rate of people using metformin?
2. How to speed up the search for the substance, smashing glucosepane?
3. What is the situation with the development of medicines for lipofuscin?
4. Is it possible to use antiamiloidnye drugs for the prevention of Alzheimer's?
5. Carbonic anhydrase-2 is known to be accumulated with age. What could its inhibition in mices result in?
6. How successful is the integrated approach of impacting different molecular paths of aging?
7. How safe and efficient is the injection of foxn1 protein?
8. Are there any approaches to reverse renal fibrosis?
9. Given the fact that the naked mole rat has an order of magnitude stronger resistance to hypoxia compared to the mouse, does the study for improving this parameter in mices make sense? Could the hypoxia resistance correlate with anti-cancer mechanisms?
10. What other glycation end products do play a role in human aging, in addition to glucosepane?
11. Hormesis (and its intensity) and resistance to hypoxia - is there anything in common?
12. What happens if we transplant the mole rat's microbiome to a mouse?
13. Why is the ratio of alpha-ketoglutarate/succinate increasing with age in many organs and tissues?
14. Why does carbonic anhydrase-2 level increase with age?
15. We know that the down-regulation of foxn1 gene plays a very early role in the involution of thymus. Are there any known genes playing a similar role in age-associated kidney degeneration?
16. Theoretically, how to stop the human aging completely?
17. Проводятся или собираются ли проводиться КИ малых молекул ингибирующих FOXO в людях, чтобы затем можно было проверить их синергический эффект при совместном приеме метформина и рапамицина, что выглядит многообещающе из [следующей статьи](http://www.cell.com/cell-metabolism/abstract/S1550-4131(16)30067-5)
17. Are there any ongoing or planned clinical trials of small FOXO-inhibiting molecules on people, in order to estimate the synergistic effect when co-administered metformin and rapamycin? This approach looks quite promising according to [this article] (http://www.cell.com/cell-metabolism/abstract/S1550-4131(16)30067-5)
18. Which molecules are the next on the list after rapamycin and metformin, and why?

Obviosly, the list is not complete and to be continued. Probably, we should make a list of 50 most important questions in the field of the biology of aging and present it in some media?

The abovementioned questions were formulated by the whole gang of people: Denis Varvanets, Elvira Kinzina, Timofey Glinin.
