My posts are for men. If any chick reads them, it means she is a man, too. She thinks like a man and acts like a man. I can't imagine a girlie girl reading my posts.

I write about my everyday life: how I ate an apple, walked around the streets or met someone. When I think of something I make a post about it. I often eat apples, drink tea, look at a window. I like pelmeni very much (Russian dumplings consisting of a filling wrapped in thin, unleavened dough), but I try to keep away from this affection. I have somehow lost a true love of my life.

The day before yesterday I lost control. I ate pelmeni, after all. I don't know whether it excuses me or not, but I have never eaten such tasty Moscow pelmeni before. I was choosing between "Pushkin" restaurant and a dumplings house, but in the end I preferred the last one.

We don't talk about important things. If i didn't write about apples, a reader wouldn't have read up to this spot but would have kept scrolling further.

The other day a journalist was interviewing me: "You see, Misha, how many people feel miserable, and what are you suggesting?! I don't know anybody without a drama, a misery, a trauma. It is hard to live an average lifespan, let alone a longevity."

I keep watching and thinking. Evolution dumps us after we turn 40. Scientists think we lack good genes for that age. The genes have been transferred 20 years earlier and after that natural selection doesn't work. That's when everything becomes messed up. A brain doesn't know what message to send, it fucks a human and that's all. The psyche is in conflict with the intelligence. A brain is big, but nerves are weak. A human can't use himself in a right way.

Depression is pure chemistry, the flipside of pelmeni. We must act against it scientifically. And they are luring people into personal development sects. I'm sure it is closely connected with fundamental mechanisms of aging. We need to see the whole biochemical picture.

But I want to get back and point out this nontrivial idea: Why? Why is it not OK to be smart?

Don't be suprised. That's exactly how it is. It's OK to discuss abstract things, spread superficial information, observe fucking etiquette.

That's why Facebook is good. You won't get many likes for a crap unless a butt isn't round. One may be forgiven for that.

I need to write a 200 pages book in a style I haven't figured out yet - that's what is important for me till i'm lied in the grave. Now i'm thinking of a literature form. I want to fill it with stories, because a story of an old vigneron is a bestseller and a sound logical reasoning sucks.

I hardly restrain myself from making a to-do list for my followers but i guess that is not how it works. It's hard for me to ask directly because I don't want to seem annoying, boring and nerdy.

All in all the point is that I need to find people of the same mind who could just carry out a project by themselves, even an easy one but by themselves without me.

We have all the puzzles for radical extending of a lifespan. We just lack organizers to make the word "eternity". There are few people whom you don't need to call and ask where they have gone.

It's clear how to solve this task. One thousand cranes must help. I'll write 1000 posts and I'll be making them more and more convincing and we'll have the ones who'll defeat aging.

[original post](https://www.facebook.com/MikhailBatin/posts/1431250153561551)
