An amazing conference has finished today. Food was good. Everything was great.

The final part was a panel discussion that involved scientists, pharmacists and investors. Different speakers snatching the initiative from one another told the audience that we needed to:

- implement more clinical trials of geroprotectors against aging
- teach doctors for they could understand the biology of aging
- change public opinion for people would understand that aging is the reason of geriatric diseases and we need to fight with them.

Joanne Manik, "Novartis" representative, claimed there were few fundamental researches on aging and venture investors didn't want to invest in this sphere.

And Nad David stated that he relatively easy attracted 130 mln. dollars. He thanked the whole community for the work that had been accomplished for the past few years – investors became more aware of the industry's potential and it was easier to make money. Plus the story with senescent cells is quite clear and commercial. Of course, he has great expectations for his project: when clinical trials show successful results new people will venture into the industry, and he will make a fortune.

Needless to say that there has been a lot of discussing of senescent cells. Every other word has been about them. For example, Felipe Sierra and James Kirkland admitted it had been their major discovery for the last five years. They both thought senescent cells were just like a wonder of nature which didn't contribute to the phenomenon  of aging. And they both were amazed how fast and clear it turned out that the role of these cells was so significant. 

The majority appear to agree  the cure for aging would be a combination of medications rather than one drug. Even notorious senescent cells are different in different tissues let alone other mechanisms. Plus an effective medicine usually goes with side effects.

Everyone claimed that if you focused on a disease, it would be more comprehensible to people, only Nir Barzilai directly called for fighting with aging. He criticized Kalico much because they were not about aging.

In order to increase the amount of clinical trials they propose to use short trials which aim at detection of biomarkers like Norvartis did with stimulation of old people's immunine system. They propose to involve not more than a couple dozen patients, to use the same doses and markers with different substances and to conduct them in parallel not on a sequential basis. The price of such a trial can amount to just 300-400 000 dollars. They also propose to check on everything that now prolongs life of model objects.

Kevin Lee from Glenn Foundation (the biggest private fund that finances researches on aging) reminded of an important detail: to always provide information about sponsoring organizations at presentations, slides and sites, and secondly, to set short interim goals in the very industry in order to understand if we are making progress or not.

In about five years we'll have a wave of clinical trials on aging therapies. At the same time we need to face up the fact that many things won't work out. We need to be generally ready and in particular to coose finally the biomarkers panel. By the way in a year Nir Barzilai is expecting of the establishment of a big special fund that will be aimed at transmitting geroprotectors to the clinic. They also anticipate a boom of anti-aging clinics and a science breakthrough in identifying the location of the aging clock.

And what can a good fairy tell us about it? Well, I mostly agree on everything. The process goes on and on. People accept the necessity of political decisions, but they don't want to deal with them. Scientists say their job is in a laboratory. And for dealing with political decisions they need other people. But where are those people?

We are flying to New York today. I don't want to return home.

[original post](https://www.facebook.com/MikhailBatin/posts/1438094002877166)
